Hey there!
Thanks for taking a moment to watch this
personalized message.
Hey there, I was looking at your
LinkedIn and saw you wrote that article
on crafting a solid PM profile—super
helpful stuff.
I also noticed you’ve been digging into
a ton of Product Manager profiles, so
you clearly know what a good one looks
like.
I’m the founder of nuncio, and we turn a
LinkedIn URL into a personalised video
in 90 seconds—scripted by AI from your
real work, rendered with your cloned
voice and avatar via HeyGen, and
delivered on a branded share page.
I’d love to show you what a nuncio video
looks like for a HeyGen PM.
Want to see it?
I'd love to chat and show you more.
Have a great day!